Add armory + pulumi webinar (#3786)
pulumi/docs: content/webinars/armory-continuos-delivery-for-infrastructure/index.md

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: "Armory + Pulumi: Continuous Delivery for your IaC"

> meta_desc: "Learn how the Pulumi plugin for Spinnaker to simplify your deployments by having infrastructure and application code in a single workflow."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "Learn how the Pulumi plugin for Spinnaker simplifies your deployments by having infrastructure and application code in a single workflow."
```

# A featured webinar will display first in the list.
featured: false

# If the video is pre-recorded or live.
pre_recorded: false

# If the video is part of the PulumiTV series. Setting this value to true will list the video in the "PulumiTV" section.
pulumi_tv: false

# The preview image will be shown on the list page.
preview_image: "/images/webinar/pulumi_tech_talk.jpg"

# Webinars with unlisted as true will not be shown on the webinar list
unlisted: false

# Gated webinars will have a registration form and the user will need
# to fill out the form before viewing.
gated: true

# The layout of the landing page.
type: webinars

# External webinars will link to an external page instead of a webinar
# landing/registration page. If the webinar is external you will need
# set the 'block_external_search_index' flag to true so Google does not index
# the webinar page created.
external: false
block_external_search_index: false

# The url slug for the webinar landing page. If this is an external
# webinar, use the external URL as the value here.

> url_slug: "armory-continuos-delivery-for-infrastructure"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
url_slug: "armory-continuous-delivery-for-infrastructure"
```
